- You're a jerk, Tom.
- Look, Celia, we have to follow our passions.
- You have your robotics and I just want
- to be awesome in space.
- Why don't you just admit that you're freaked
- out by my robot hand?
- I'm not freaked out by it's...
- All right, fine.
- I'm freaked out.
- I'm having nightmares that I'm being chased by
- these giant robotic claws.
- Oh, put it, we're done.
- We're done.
- Robot's memory synced and locked.
- This is pretty
- I heard you guys talking last night.
- It's not my
- Are you ready?
- Of course you're ready.
- You're a rockstar.
- How's it looking, Barley?
- We should have about 10 minutes.
- Well, that's perfect.
- We're only one.
- All systems go!
- Yeah, you, go!
- Go!
- Move your asses!
- Go, go, go!
- How about it?
- Come on!
- Go!
- Done.
- There she is.
- Now.
- You love her.
- She's your passion.
- Be tender to her.
- Be honest.
- Be tender.
- Remind her what love
- is.
- And...
- Action!
- Memory override in progress!
- You're a jerk, Tom!
- Oh, I'm sorry!
- have to follow our passions.
- You have your robotics.
- And I just want to be awesome
- Get her coming.
- Two minutes left.
- Two minutes.
- Why don't you just admit that
- you're Listen Celia,
- I was young and a dick, but there's
- no reason to destroy the world.
- Why does he do this?
- We already tried that one!
- Abort!
- No!
- You broke my heart!
- I know.
- You forgot me on earth.
- I should just crush you.
- I'm...
- I'm
- Not my
- fault!
- *Dunshot
- The world's
- changed,
- Maybe we can
- too.